<p align="center">
  <b> 1/31/17 and 2/1/17- Day 2 and 3 - Adding Additional Information</b>
</p>

- Methodology paper and 2 page paper on data have been added. These will be used to structure analysis and to write final thesis. 
- Currently thinking about how necessary it is to remove personal identification from scraped Tweets. Professor suggested to remove usernames but then I would be removing a layer of potential informaiton. As in which tweets Trump or Clinton tweeted. Also location data like lat & lon is needed for me to filter out US only sent tweets but could be used to identify people with other information. 
- should I add QMSS_thesis.Rproj to my gitignore? Not clear on what data Rproj stores on user. 


<p align="center">
  <b> 1/30/17 - Day 1 - Planning</b>
</p>


For now, here is a brief roadmap of the project:

| Main Task  | Sub Task | Completed Definition  | Completed |Date Completed |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| ETL | Input data  | Able to load and display  | N  | N/A |
| ETL  | Clean data  | Remove unnecessary columns  | N  | N/A |
| ETL  | Reshape data  | Filter US only  | N  | N/A |
| Exploration  | Descriptives  | Distribution of tweets per candidate, Num of users, Avg tweet per user  | N  | N/A |
| Exploration  | Visualization  | Images of above  | N  | N/A |
| Analysis  | Modeling  | Sentiment Analysis - Text and Emojis  | N | N/A |
| Output  | Graphs  | Difference in sentiment graphs, SNA graphs, top (-) and (+) words & emojis   | N  | N/A |
| Output  | Report  | Thesis paper  | N  | N/A |
| Output  | Presentation  | 10 slides or less on whole project v. website  | N  | N/A |

Last updated: 1/30/17


General Overview of file organization:
- **data**
  - **raw**  *<- original, immutable data dump*
    - Twitter data
  - **external**  *<- data from third party sources*
    - emoji data from outside research
  - **interim**  *<- intermediate transformed data*
    - filtered twitter data to include only necessary columns and only US data
    - cleaned emoji data with only necessary information (form of dictionary?)
  - **processed**  *<- final processed data set*
    - one data set with all necessary tweet data and binary values for particular emojis per tweet
- **src**
  - **data** *<- code to read/munge raw data*
    - read in Twitter data
    - read in emoji data
  - **features** *<- code to transform/append data*
    - clean twitter data
    - clean emoji data
  - **models** *<- code to analyze the data*
    - conduct sentiment analysis on both text and emoji on each tweet
    - analyize difference between both groups and compare within tweet
  - **visualizations** *<- gode to generate visualizations*
    - create basic exploratory visualziations (Descriptive Graphs, etc.)
    - create visuals based on results (Sentiment Analysis)
- **reports**
  - **documents** *<- documents synthesizing analysis*
    - data description
    - literature review
    - methodology
    - drafts of thesis
    - final thesis report
  - **figures** *<- images generated by the code*
    - graphs
    - charts
    - tables
- **references** *<- data dictionaries, explanatory materials*
  - emoji data converted into dictionary for analysis
  - refernces on sentiment analysis calculation
- **TODO** *<- future improvements, bug fixes*
- **notebook** *<- high-lelvel project description*

